revised minibatch docs (#365)
SciML/DiffEqFlux.jl: docs/src/examples/minibatch.md

For this example we will use a very simple ordinary differential equation, newtons law of cooling. We can represent this in Julia like so. 

```julia
using DifferentialEquations, Flux, Optim, DiffEqFlux, Plots

function newtons_cooling(du, u, p, t)
    temp = u[1]
    k, temp_m = p
    du[1] = dT = -k*(temp-temp_m) 
  end

function true_sol(du, u, p, t)
    true_p = [log(2)/8.0, 100.0]
    newtons_cooling(du, u, true_p, t)
end

u0 = Float32[200.0]
datasize = 30
tspan = (0.0f0, 1.5f0)

t = range(tspan[1], tspan[2], length=datasize)
true_prob = ODEProblem(true_sol, u0, tspan)
ode_data = Array(solve(true_prob, Tsit5(), saveat=t))

```

> Now we define a neural-network using a linear approximation with 8 hidden layers.  

Reviewer: one hidden layer of size 8

> Now we define a neural-network using a linear approximation with 8 hidden layers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we define a neural-network using a linear approximation with 1 hidden layer of 8 neurons.  
```
